well it is the weekend after rift rivals
at the LCS I'm joined right now by flame
flame you just had a very strange series
against cloud nine what did you think of
that series oh it was so hard it was so
hard for us actually we lost one game
and then we want to game and even if our
citycam was very hard but we want so
ultimate and we are very happy now
now I know that the last weekend of LCS
you guys went 0 2 but this weekend you
went came back to 0 how did you take the
break for rift rivals how did you use
that to get better so that you could win
this weekend oh yes I'll actually we we
had a some problem or something and we
knew but it didn't happen or about our
world is death but all that Oh last week
in last week series are we that can
happen on the test one and we just the
roast and all with not about death and
we we would pick peace that in this way
ok so you just kind of worked on it did
you also have a break during that time
oh we have we had a break one one day
war today and then we just oh yes play
game history yeah lots of screams lots
of games and obviously showed because
you were able to win this weekend so
congratulations
one thing I noticed was that you seem to
do very well against Rey you have I
think about a 150 CS lead at one point
in time why do you think you did so well
against Rey Oh
ah I don't think there are tests or
special for play I just play as alright
oh I just play all my way and then oh
yes then be gentle
like good so you're just that's it's not
because array it's just you're very good
okay well some luck or just literally
yeah that's good yeah very good
now I also want to ask you about the
patch with the lethality stuff a lot of
players have been talking about it this
weekend what do you think about the new
patch well I think all on your face I
have to feel like anymore and I didn't
till just now
so after today I just have a break oh
and I play I will fly Sri Lanka or all
right then I can know huh are you
venting weird a change are you
you've seen the changes right yeah do
you think they are good or bad or crazy
what do you think of the changes oh they
mean about Pesci yeah lethality and all
that
uh I can't sure because I didn't read I
didn't really don't order I didn't
really say much and I didn't play so I
can see more as I can't bring him over
here and then I get I guess we'll be
able to find out soon how those effects
you're playing and we'll see what
happens
I'm also curious you know immortals a
lot of people's you know morals is doing
very well and then immortals have
slipped just a little bit and some
people said Oh mortals is going to start
getting worse and worse throughout the
split what do you think
immortals chances are of you know
staying at the top
bond with Mario's longer I thought all
getting 13 can get include pepper I
guess we can we can we can note anytime
but all that happening was and faster so
just all it doesn't matter and we we can
all we were in our after that and week
we can lost tooth but anyway I just want
to win Pelayo we're and go or yeah
that's all yeah I mean world is cool who
wouldn't want to go there do you have
any ideas on let's say immortals goes to
the world's who will the other two teams
be I think oh well one thing is I'm sure
TSN and she 9 she'll gp1 maybe okay one
of the one of the throat team okay well
c9 isn't looking too good you just beat
them you still think c9 maybe uh III
think I can't share anything because I
always think about we can lose organizer
anything and all enemy is or first place
team or or ten tens place team I just
erased neighbors to be pro league and I
worry about that and we can wrote on any
team and oh well I think word our
libraries for war maybe yes I said on p1
and c9 and CH and I think on Tina's can
to pursue yeah that's a lot of teams
that's four teams well I can show what I
mean
I'll do my best here is there anything
you would like to say to any of the
Immortals fans I think thank you for
cheering us and they I will be better
and
keep hearing Foss thank you so much fun
and uh thank for our clicking step and
my teammate and Oman and amorous Co no
ha ha very good thank you so much flame
for the interview really appreciate ya
yeah see you
yeah good to see you too for everyone
else you can check out the rest of our
coverage of all things eSports here on
my youtube channel hey so I'm trying out
this whole ad thing because people say
that it makes it so that the videos go
further on YouTube and they distribute
it more but most of you are ad blocking
in terrain so it's probably not gonna
work so if you are ad blocking and you
can support me over at traffic AFRICOM
slash support